DOCS-7940-embedded-viz (#121)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/app-dashboards.adoc

| *Custom metrics* a|

The *Custom metrics* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. See xref:anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc[Anypoint Custom Metrics Connector].

| *Application Network* a|

> The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. The *Application Network* chart shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. Additionally, it shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app, and data retention is set to 7 days. You can click the *Metrics* menu to see different metrics related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing your Metric].

Reviewer: Your text is just fine as-is. 
Because I am a lazy reader, I like to break things up; the choice is yours.
In the following suggestion, please replace the text within the < > with something commonly useful:
```suggestion
The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. 

The *Application Network* chart on this tab shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. Additionally, it shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app over the most recent seven days. 

You can click *Metrics* to see statistics such <this, that, and the other thing> related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing Your Metric].
```

> The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. The *Application Network* chart shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. The embedded application network shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app, and data retention is set to 7 days. You can click the *Metrics* menu to see different metrics related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing your Metric].

Reviewer 2: how about "Additionally, it only shows ..." instead of "The embedded application network shows..."

Author: ```suggestion
The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. The *Application Network* chart shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. Additionally, it shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app, and data retention is set to 7 days. You can click the *Metrics* menu to see different metrics related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing your Metric].
```

| *Custom metrics* a|

The *Custom metrics* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. See xref:anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc[Anypoint Custom Metrics Connector].

| *Application Network* a|

The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and select an app running on a supported version of Mule. 

> The chart on this tab shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. Additionally, it shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app over the most recent seven days. 

Reviewer 2: @sarathecoubian can we add a note here that the app must be started. 
The network is only visible for *started* apps and the connections are based on the time picker.

Author: ```suggestion
The chart on this tab shows the xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc[Troubleshooting visualization] for the selected app. Additionally, it shows only direct callers and callees for the selected app over the most recent seven days. The apps must be deployed, and the connections are based on the selected time range.
```

> You can click *Metrics* to see statistics such <this, that, and the other thing> related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing Your Metric].

Author: ```suggestion
You can click *Metrics* to see statistics, such as average response time and failures, related to the app you selected. For more information about metrics in Anypoint Visualizer, see xref:visualizer::troubleshooting-visualization.adoc#choosing-your-metric[Choosing Your Metric].
```
